he liked to find food and things to play with in the house .
they laughed and played with their toys all day .
tom and mia ran after the dog , but he was too fast .
one day , tim and his mom went to the park again .
he played with his friends and was happy .
all of his friends were happy to play with him .
they did not want to be sad anymore .
once upon a time , there was a sad little car named tim .
one day , lucy wanted to play with her friend tom .
he wanted to go to the big park .
he saw a nice box there .
then , a small cat came in the room .
tim and spot wanted to go inside .
blue was very happy and loved to play with friends .
one day , tom saw a little red ball .
it took away many things .
she ran to them and found them .
tom and max played with the ball all day long .
one day , spot and his friends wanted to play in the park .
all the fish wanted to be friends with them .
they were very happy to be friends and play together in the sun .
he had a toy dog named spot .
bob loved to run and play in the park with his friends .
they find a room .
so , she would water it every day .
tom , spot , and the bird became good friends .
she had a big look at the sky .
the man smiled and gave it to him .
tim tried to do new things .
he found them and they were so happy .
from that day , the cat and the bird were best friends .
they put them in their toy box .
one day , a boy named tim saw a high tree .
bob saw a little girl named amy playing by the water .
one day , the fish felt sad .
but max was not sad .
bob saw a big tree and a small house .
as tom played , he saw his friend , a little bird .
one day , the toy man wanted to go outside .
they loved their bear very much .
one day , a kind girl named lily went to the garden .
but they all liked it very much .
tom wanted to help the cat , so he gave it some food .
tim looked and looked , but he could not find his ball .
the car went very fast , and they had a lot of fun .
one day , he wanted to play with a big bear .
the little dog looked scared .
something fun and happy .
they were so sad because they could not play anymore .
the fish thought it was a toy , so he played with it .
she knew she had a new friend to play with in the garden .
but then , he did not know how to get down .
the dog loved the ball .
tim and the cat were very happy and played together every day .
she felt sad and did not know what to do .
once upon a time , a little girl named sue went to play outside .
as they started to walk home , they saw a big box .
they played with the box and the toys and had a lot of fun .
it could find food fast .
tom was very happy to be there with his friends .
it looked for food all day .
spot was happy that max was back .
he was sad that he could not help tim .
they had a small , old house near the water .
they both loved playing together every day .
they had fun and were very , very happy .
they played in the garden and in the house and were happy .
the dog saw the ball and wanted it .
the red bird was happy again .
after playing in the park , lily and her mom went home .
one day , tom went to a new park to play .
tim saw the cat and knew he had to do something .
but they see a boy .
they saw sam and mia .
she went outside and started to look for it .
tim made sue a new toy .
amy and her mom went home , too .
tim knew they would be friends .
he said he was happy they were friends with his dog .
bob liked the toy and took it home .
tim went home , and he was not happy .
from that day on , sam and the bird played together every day .
she liked to do fun things all day .
he went outside to play with his friend , tim the dog .
it was very pretty and they both wanted it .
a big bird wanted to take tim away .
one day , a little girl named mia went with her mom .
he was her friend too .
in the box , the cat saw a big red ball .
and from that day on , lucy and tom were the best of friends .
bob was very scared , so he ran away as fast as he could .
they would walk every day and have so much fun .
max was a kind dog , and tim liked him a lot .
one day , she wanted to go to the park and have a fun day .
sue felt sad for her dog and wanted to help him .
they played all day , and they were both very happy .
it was very small and it wanted to play .
they were very scared , and very sad .
all his friends thought that max was the best at playing ball .
but sam was nice to him and they became friends .
she saw the toys and got very happy .
she tried and tried , but it was too high .
she tried to make lily happy .
he ran out of the room and went home .
it went back home , and everyone was happy .
tim and his dad played with the bear and the saw .
the man asked everyone to help .
tom loved to run and play with his friends .
the animals were happy again and played all day .
they looked around the house one more time .
they wanted to be happy and kind .
they have a fun time .
she did not like spot .
they were not happy because they were always together in the small box .
he tried to be a good dog and not eat it .
they went to play with mom and dad .
tim saw a little cat .
from then on , they became very good friends .
one day , mia and tom went outside to play .
max loved the toy lily made for him .
she had a best friend , a little girl named lucy .
a little bird saw it from the sky .
the ball was so big and shiny .
the ball was red and loved to play outside .
it was very fun and fast .
lily played with her ball all day long .
the man saw her and wanted to help her .
many people went there to eat and be happy .
spot was happy he found a new friend in the park .
he saw his friend , sue , playing with her toy car .
max was fast .
he was happy and played with all the toys .
she was so happy and wanted to take them all home .
tom and sue looked all around .
the friends had so much fun and were sad when it was time to go home .
tim was a good boy , but he was scared of many things .
she was very sad because she could not play there .
one day , a big bird and a little bird were on a tree .
it is old and big .
one day , he found a red ball in his room .
tim went out to play with lily .
he is a cat , not a bird .
he felt happy when he played .
he was always outside playing it every day .
ben tried to help sam .
his mom and dad said he had to take it .
he knew that tim liked the sun .
once upon a time , a little dog named spot had a big red ball .
he felt happy as he ran around with his dog , spot .
they looked at each other and did not know what to do .
he smiled and ran back outside .
they could not play outside anymore .
he asked his friends to help him find the tree .
amy wanted to help her friend .
the sun went down and lily did not get to play with the pretty red ball .
the new ball knew it would be fun .
they walked to the park and played with a ball .
it was fun to be small .
they had fun , but spot knew he had to go back home .
they had fun in the sun all day long .
it is blue and high .
he said he wanted them to have fun .
the little fish saw the big fish and wanted to help .
she was happy to see it too .
she wanted to get it down , but it was too high for her .
sue saw a small , sad dog .
the dog found the cat and they were happy .
tom had a red car that he liked very much .
every day he would play in the garden .
max got scared and ran away from home .
he saw a cat who wanted to play with him .
he saw a big room .
she liked it so much that she decided to make it her new friend .
they all liked to play with max .
one day , bob went for a walk with his best friend , a big cat named sam .
a little girl named lily went outside to play .
once there was an old dog named max .
he liked to help people .
one day , the cat saw a big bird outside .
they wanted to make spot happy .
so , max went on a long walk to look for it .
the bear saw it and smiled .
they all played together and were the best of friends .
as he went up the tree , he saw a big bird .
they both played in the sun all day .
she was so happy to have new toys to play with .
but , he did not have a fast car .
sam had a big , red ball that he was playing with .
the boy smiled , and told her he would help .
a boy came to help her .
and from that day on , the big bird and the people on the ground were very happy together .
it went up and down the tree .
she went outside to look at the tree .
they were very happy to go to the park and eat together .
lily had a small car that was fast and shiny .
they ran to the house to find their mom .
he saw they were not there .
every day , he would play with his boy , named tim .
the big cat was happy and the little dog was happy too .
max felt happy because he had a new friend .
the big boy and the small boy were scared .
it made a new home there .
one day , a big dog named max went to the park with his boy , tim .
amy and sam were best friends .
the bear was happy to go with her .
mia was sad , but then she saw something .
in the forest , there was a little bird .
they liked to play in the blue water .
so , he decided to go for a walk .
one day , she saw a little bird who was sad .
he was not scared , but he saw something new .
and they play together in the park .
ben is their friend .
sam did not like max .
in the room , he found a little girl named lily .
he loved the toy car and played with it all the time .
tom felt scared and wanted to go back .
the little bird wanted to make a new home .
he took it to his friend , sue .
he saw lily and tom playing with it .
her mom said she could take one .
max did not know that the ball was near a big tree .
a little girl named sue and a little boy named tom were friends .
they all became good friends and played together in the forest .
one day , a little girl went outside to play in the park .
they wanted to run and have fun .
the big tree was in a garden .
max was very sad .
amy did not want to eat it .
the bear saw many other animals there .
sam and the dog were happy .
lily felt sad because she wanted all her fish to be happy and play together .
she went outside to find it .
he wanted to go to the park and play .
mom felt scared .
one day , tom and anna went to play in the park with their mom .
she and sky played together in the park .
one day , a cat named tom saw a dog named sam .
one day , spot saw a new dog named max outside his house .
the dog was very happy , and tom and sue laughed .
tim was very happy with his saw .
he and sue look inside .
after playing for a long time , tim saw his friend , sue .
the friend was a little cat .
they laughed , and they had so much fun .
it was their cat .
anna and lily are friends .
it looked down and saw a little girl named mia .
some friends said it was a ball .
he was very happy to find his ball .
he wanted to help , but he could not .
one day , she found a big , old house .
the cat started to like the dog too .
the dog tried to get the ball out , but it was too high .
she felt so happy and loved .
tim and the bird asked their friend , the bear , for help .
the little boy and bob played all day long .
one day , amy was playing with her ball near the ground .
they played with the ball all day and became the best of friends .
they could not go home .
the little fish did what the big fish said .
he was very happy because inside the box was a new toy .
tim was very excited to play and run around .
they are good friends and like to play together .
the dog loved to eat the food she gave him .
the dog ran to the park .
he got up and looked for his toy bear .
anna is happy to see her house .
after a fun day , tom and spot went back home .
they laughed and played outside in the sun .
max walked and walked but he could not find lucy .
she lived in a big house with a little girl named lily .
the ball was as good as new .
once upon a time there was a little girl who loved to go for a walk .
from that day on , everyone in the town was kind and happy .
she was excited and wanted to find out what was there .
but then , tim thought of his friend , sue .
many animals lived near the tree , and they all loved it .
she wanted to make them happy , so she gave them water every day .
lily was very happy , but max was not .
he wanted to be friends with the dog .
they both wanted the big toy that was in the park .
ben and his new friends were happy .
and they did , every day .
one day , lily went for a walk with her dog , max .
mia and tom were happy they got to play together at the park .
one day , tim found something on the ground .
one day , a dog named spot was very sad .
they liked to play in the garden together .
the other boy was so happy .
tom decided that he would help the cat .
tim liked to run very fast and play with his ball .
they did not want to play with the big boy .
together they walked back home .
he knew that she loved him and wanted the best for him .
and the old man was happy to have a new friend .
he ran back to the man and smiled .
every time she saw it , she felt very happy .
one day , their mom gave them a new car .
when he was out , he ran to the park .
lucy and her friends had fun .
they have a fun walk .
sue and her friends started to play .
mia was excited to see his house and play with him .
one day , a girl named amy went outside to play .
they were of people they did not know .
it was ben , their friend .
he knew that inside the box was a new toy .
all the animals in the forest were happy to have lily as their friend .
mia and max were sad because they could not play outside .
and the cat and the car became best friends .
it was not from outside .
it wanted to be with them and make them happy too .
tom and sue were sad because they could not play outside .
the cat looked sad and walked away .
every day bob would go out to play .
it was so happy to be out of the ground and in the sun .
so , she went to his house with the ball .
they were happy because they had each other and food to eat .
bob was happy to have a friend to play with .
the man smiled and felt good .
she looked happy too .
she was not pretty anymore .
she liked to play and find new things .
the little girl was so sad , she ran away and never went back to the park again .
she named her cat tom .
he said he wanted to play with his ball .
she was his little girl .
they made a new friend , bear .
she and sam go to their room .
one day , lily wanted to make a big house for her toys .
amy and tom played in the garden all day .
tom took the ball home .
once upon a time , in a small town , there was a sad little boy named tom .
sam and lily looked at the dog and the ball .
with his toy car , the boy played all day .
max loved to play with his friend , a little girl named lily .
but , she saw a bird and wanted to play .
he loved to play outside with his friends and find new things to do .
so , they went up , up , up into the sky .
tim and sam were sad , but they knew they had to find the ball .
but they were not scared anymore .
she played with the ball all day and had lots of fun .
one day , a little boy named tim was playing outside his house .
they loved to play outside in the garden .
at the park , she saw a big red ball .
max was very happy to have a friend .
the bird came back to the girl .
he told them about anna and ben .
max liked to walk around and look at things .
the little boy started to get very excited .
tim and the toy had lots of fun together .
he wanted to play too , but he was too big .
he thought about what to do .
at the park , tom and his friends played and had fun .
he walked away from his mom to see the bird .
so , the little boy ran outside .
but tom was scared of max .
tim was very excited and ran to play .
they both looked at the car and then looked at each other .
he would run and play with his friends all day .
tom and sam played with a ball outside .
she put it in a pretty box .
bob looked and looked , but he could not find tim .
the toys went into the water .
it learned many things .
they were all very happy playing together .
spot felt sad , but then a little girl came to him .
they want their ball .
once upon a time , in a little town , there lived a happy girl named lily .
they decided to go back to playing with their ball .
tim and max played together every day and became the best of friends .
he saw a big room with people inside .
the cat did not go .
it loved to play with its ball and run around the house .
the cat lived in a small house with a little boy .
sam felt very sad and ran to his mom .
but in the end , everyone was happy .
his mom and dad were happy when he did that .
tim and big bear went to play with the big , big dog .
tom loved to play with his toy ball .
he smiled at tim and amy .
they loved the park .
tim was a little boy who liked to play with max .
one day , tim decided to play outside .
they both played in the tree and were happy .
she had played all day with her toys , her dog and her friends .
max went outside and tried to play with the cat .
he was so excited and very happy .
they knew they could have fun inside too .
the man was happy to see tim .
it had many friends , but it did not play nice .
once upon a time , there was a boy named tim and a girl named sue .
she took them inside and gave them a time out .
he saw the room and was very happy .
one day , the cat went to play with his friends .
they liked to walk together because they were good friends .
she liked to play with her toys and look at the pretty things around her .
spot saw a big tree and decided to look for friends there .
he knew it was from the little bird .
tim smiled and got inside the car .
one day , bob wanted to get a new friend .
lily and ben were not scared .
sam and mia thought about it .
one day , a kind girl named mia found a toy in her room .
lily was a little girl who liked to do many things .
one day , a big girl named sue and a little boy named tim went to play .
but then , spot saw a big dog that was not nice .
they all played near the tree .
once upon a time , there was a bird named max .
the ball was not fun .
he knew it would help the cat .
one day , tim saw a big box in the sky .
they looked up and saw the sun in the sky .
in the end , they got their ball back and played all day .
she loved to play outside in her garden .
the old ball lived in a small house with a little girl named amy .
tim came to help him .
they play every day .
one day , a little girl named lucy went for a walk near her home .
they loved the tree and each other .
they took his dog away from him .
she was so happy to see the boy happy .
he ran into the room and started to play with the toys .
so , she asked for some help .
spot wanted to help the bird , so he went outside to find some food for it .
up in the tree , he saw a bird .
spot wanted to have fun too .
but , they were not .
the red ball had a friend named tom .
she saw tim playing with the big red ball .
tim thought about what his mom told him .
he went to the park near his home .
mia was very happy when she could help .
she could not run and play like mia .
lily and tom go to the park .
spot was very happy when he played with his friends .
sue smiled and thought about what her mom told her .
it was not in her room .
one day , spot went to the park .
tim was scared , but he did not want to run away .
he thought it was nice to help a friend .
some things are big and some things are small .
tim could not play with it anymore .
mia was excited to eat it .
one day , sam found a shiny red ball .
they said he had to go to his room .
they took their toys and went back to their home .
he knew the sun would help .
inside the box she found something very old .
they liked to play together with a ball .
he took the bird to his house .
he liked to play and run around all the time .
there was a mom , a dad , and a boy .
the bird could help the other animals find food .
tom and tim loved to play in the garden all day .
sam wanted to make his mom happy too .
she never saw the little girl again .
he looked around , but he could not find his ball .
max loved the food that tim gave him .
he went back to the park and played with his friends all day long .
he wanted his toys , not the food .
once upon a time , there lived a happy little girl who loved to play outside .
her friends would look and look , but they could not find her .
they ran away with them .
one day , max was playing with his ball in the park .
lily loved playing outside with max .
he had a small car that he loved to play with .
they smiled and played with their toys together .
but he could not find the big , red ball .
the bird was very nice and always looked after her friends .
lucy had a red ball that she loved to play with .
they had fun with their red ball .
tom and sue wanted to see inside .
one day , he went into the forest to look for food .
the happy animals and the sad animals could not play together anymore .
one day , he wanted to play with his friends .
he saw his friend , sam , with a toy car .
the dog laughed and felt happy .
inside the box , she saw a little bird .
he had a new friend , and the cat was not scared of him anymore .
they felt so happy to be together .
lily and tom like to play outside .
the toys made the cat happy .
lily thought about the tree all day .
he gave the big fish some food .
tim wanted to take the ball home .
lily felt happy and wanted to play .
tim liked to look at all the pretty things outside .
bear was always there for her .
he played with his other toys and had fun .
they go outside to look .
she was very sad and asked for his help .
the car had a mom and a dad inside .
once upon a time , a fast dog named max lived in a small house .
a big cat saw the toy car .
they were nice and loved everyone .
mia did not know what was inside the box .
his friends wanted to make him happy again .
they had a lot of fun , and they learned a lot of new things .