they laughed and played with their toys all day .
one day , tim and his mom went to the park again .
amy had a big , beautiful smile that made everyone around her happy .
all of his friends were happy to play with him .
they did not want to be sad anymore .
the park became more pretty with flowers .
they saw a lot of pretty flowers and a little pond .
he wanted to go to the big park .
he saw a nice box there .
it was very old and no one lived there .
once upon a time there was a boat .
the cat found a big cake .
tim and spot wanted to go inside .
once upon a time , there was a strong dog named max who loved to run and play all day .
they told her they were sorry .
the big fish and the little boat became friends .
they can see the birds and the flowers .
one day , spot and his friends wanted to play in the park .
they were very happy to be friends and play together in the sun .
now , tom and max were happy friends .
he had many friends in his yard , like a dog and a bird .
bob loved to run and play in the park with his friends .
they can go back outside .
lily saw a green ball on the ground .
the mom smiled and hugged the little girl .
one day , she could not find her favorite toy car .
max and cat were happy and safe .
the big dog wanted to hurt them .
the boy and the dog were happy to help the bug .
once upon a time , in a nice big house , there lived a dog named fluffy .
mia tried to make a noise , but it was hard .
the tree looked great .
the man smiled and gave it to him .
while they were playing , tim had a bad idea .
tim tried to do new things .
she saw a big , hard rock on the ground .
every day , the sun would come out and make the tree happy .
one sunny day , he went outside to play with his ball .
one day , the fish felt sad .
they all had a great time , and they thanked the little bird for its help .
bob saw a big tree and a small house .
mom and dad said it was not safe to go outside .
one day , the toy man wanted to go outside .
they loved their bear very much .
he wanted to know what was inside the cake .
he wanted to find them , so he flew high up in the sky and looked around .
tim looked and looked , but he could not find his ball .
he thought it was his new bed .
one day , he wanted to play with a big bear .
something fun and happy .
she knew she had a new friend to play with in the garden .
but then , he did not know how to get down .
the dog loved the ball .
sam was not strong like tim .
they had a great day together , and they knew they would always be the best of friends .
she looked around to find the noise .
he thought about it and decided to share his red ball .
it looked in the grass , in the water , and in the sky .
once upon a time , a little girl named sue went to play outside .
she felt sad and did not know what to do .
the rock felt warm and happy when the sun came up .
as they started to walk home , they saw a big box .
it could find food fast .
the bird was having fun in the water .
he was sad that he could not help tim .
once upon a time , a girl named lucy wanted to make a boat .
they had a small , old house near the water .
they had fun and were very , very happy .
they played in the garden and in the house and were happy .
they both loved playing together every day .
the red bird was happy again .
tim thought hard about what he could be .
after playing in the park , lily and her mom went home .
the big dog was very strong and the little cat was very small .
she did not see her mom come into her room .
one day , tom went to a new park to play .
and they all played happily with their new toys .
sam lived in a big pond with his family .
spot and sue sat down to eat the cake .
she liked to do fun things all day .
the cat and dog liked to watch with him .
everyone in the town loved to see the park with all the beautiful flowers .
he went outside to play with his friend , tim the dog .
he played with the ball until he was very tired .
it was very pretty and they both wanted it .
lily was proud of what she made .
it would go where he wanted it to go .
one day , a little girl named mia went with her mom .
he was her friend too .
in the box , the cat saw a big red ball .
they were happy that the sun was back and the pond was warm again .
sue saw a little boy named tim playing near her yard .
the cat tried to get the ball , but he fell into the hole too .
he ran to find his friends , cat and bunny .
tim was not like the others .
they would walk every day and have so much fun .
one day , he went for a walk and found a big rock .
sue felt sad for her dog and wanted to help him .
they smiled and hugged their mom and dad .
anna and ben hugged each other and tried to be brave .
lucy was safe and they both laughed .
fluffy tried to get the ball , but it was too high .
one day , she went for a walk in the forest and found a big green tree .
lily and ben heard the bird and went back to the garden .
tim and sue lived happily ever after .
she was not happy and proud .
tim and the bug played near the pond .
then , lily and her mom saw a big bird fly by .
tim and his toys were having a great time .
after some time , tom got tired .
she had heard the noise and wanted to see what happened .
tom loved to run and play with his friends .
a place where it had a friend .
the animals were happy again and played all day .
they have a fun time .
they wanted to be happy and kind .
they showed it to each other and laughed .
the car loved to go fast and make people smile .
they were not happy because they were always together in the small box .
and tim was happy to have a friend who liked to watch the birds too .
tim saw a little cat .
she found the old house and opened the door .
max loved the toy lily made for him .
one day , while playing , the ball went into the big tree .
the fish were safe , and tim and sue were happy friends .
but soon , kitty got tired and wanted to get out of the pond .
a little bird saw it from the sky .
the ball was so big and shiny .
tom was sad and did not want to jump anymore .
lily felt bad for max and wanted to help him get warm .
the ball was red and loved to play outside .
mia was very happy to have a new friend , and they lived happily ever after .
from that day on , tim and sam were always brave together .
lily said sorry to the birds and to her mom .
lily played with her ball all day long .
spot was happy he found a new friend in the park .
many people went there to eat and be happy .
max lived in a small house with his family .
spot wanted to play with the toy , but max said no .
sara and tom felt better after a while .
tim and max stopped to look at the cat .
max was fast .
he was happy and played with all the toys .
so , the old man played with the kids and they all had fun .
max wanted to help lucy find her way home .
the friends had so much fun and were sad when it was time to go home .
tim was a good boy , but he was scared of many things .
she wanted to go on the slide .
they find a big box under a tree .
one day , a big bird and a little bird were on a tree .
she was very sad because she could not play there .
it is old and big .
tim went out to play with lily .
tim smiled and thanked the fish .
the bed felt so happy , and sue felt safe and warm .
he was a happy dog who loved to run and jump .
his mom and dad said he had to take it .
she liked to play with them and share her toys .
tim liked to help people and show them how to be safe .
she wanted him to be nice and share .
they had come to get him and take him home .
he felt happy as he ran around with his dog , spot .
they looked at each other and did not know what to do .
they laughed , jumped , and had so much fun .
he smiled and ran back outside .
they could not play outside anymore .
he asked his friends to help him find the tree .
amy wanted to help her friend .
they put it in the yard by the big tree .
they could jump and run and have lots of fun .
the new ball knew it would be fun .
it was fun to be small .
they had fun , but spot knew he had to go back home .
one day , kitty saw a big box and she wanted to play with it .
his friends started to feel sad .
they did not like being birds .
big red was a very big and strong truck .
they did not know how to share the cake .
he said he wanted them to have fun .
she knew her toys would always be safe and happy in their new home .
she wanted to get it down , but it was too high for her .
he picked it up and smiled , because he thought it was pretty .
the boy was happy and thanked the nice bird .
he thought he would never find a safe place .
he saw a cat who wanted to play with him .
she liked it so much that she decided to make it her new friend .
she looked sad because she had no toys .
he would walk and look at the trees and birds .
they all liked to play with max .
he said they could share the ball .
the other kids came and saw what happened .
he liked to help people .
in the yard , there was a little boy and a little girl .
their mom and dad told them to be careful with the ball in the house .
the dog and the people lived happily ever after .
they wanted to make spot happy .
the cat and the dog were sad and still angry with each other .
the cat thanked tom and the red car , and they all became good friends .
they all played together and were the best of friends .
she was so happy to have new toys to play with .
he said he was sorry and that he would be more careful next time .
but , he did not have a fast car .
ben and lily hugged and laughed .
sam had a big , red ball that he was playing with .
he tried the next box , but it was too big .
she saw a big , red ball and a soft , fluffy bear .
lily and ben said sorry and hugged each other .
she asked her dad if she could help him , but he said no .
the cat was so happy , it jumped and played with the ball all day .
every day , he would fly around and play with his friends , the birds .
it went up and down the tree .
after they ate , tom and his friends felt tired .
tim and sue decided to share the box and play together .
she went outside to look at the tree .
when the sun went down , fluffy went back to the door .
one day , fluffy went to find some fish to eat .
lily had a small car that was fast and shiny .
once upon a time , there was a kind little girl called mia .
every day , he would play with his boy , named tim .
the big cat was happy and the little dog was happy too .
he asked the frog if he wanted to eat the cake too .
one day , a kind girl saw the bug .
max felt happy because he had a new friend .
a girl named lucy was on the boat with her dad .
the little bird lived in a big tree with his family .
once upon a time , there was a little brave dog named spot .
the noise was a big bird .
one day , a big dog named max went to the park with his boy , tim .
but the bird was still too fast .
amy and sam were best friends .
in the forest , there was a little bird .
they liked to play in the blue water .
so , he decided to go for a walk .
they opened it together and found a lot of yummy food inside .
and they play together in the park .
ben is their friend .
he could watch it play all day .
sam did not like max .
in the room , he found a little girl named lily .
one sunny day , tim was playing with his favorite red car when he saw a big dog .
tom felt scared and wanted to go back .
he wanted to watch his show too .
he saw lily and tom playing with it .
she ran around and had lots of fun in the warm sun .
all the animals in the forest would come and play with him .
amy did not want to eat it .
anna and ben have an idea .
he felt like he was in the sky with the birds .
sam and the dog were happy .
they had lots of fun in their big pond .
the bird tried to fly down to the ball .
she went outside to find it .
he wanted to go to the park and play .
she and sky played together in the park .
one day , tom and anna went to play in the park with their mom .
he asked his mom for help , and she knew just what to do .
one day , spot saw a new dog named max outside his house .
once upon a time , a strong boy named tim and his dog , spot , went to play outside .
tim was very happy with his saw .
every day , they would run around the yard and have fun .
they were all so proud of the kids .
he and sue look inside .
she smiled and decided to share it with her best friend .
it looked down and saw a little girl named mia .
lily , fluffy , and her family lived happily ever after .
he saw a green ball near a big tree .
one day , she found a big , old house .
the people inside were safe .
she wanted to go and see the flowers and the birds .
the dog tried to get the ball out , but it was too high .
she felt so happy and loved .
tim and the bird asked their friend , the bear , for help .
this made tim hurt inside .
they could not go home .
the little fish did what the big fish said .
he was very happy because inside the box was a new toy .
they like the slide very much .
they are good friends and like to play together .
he loved how soft and fluffy it felt when he hugged it .
the dog ran to the park .
the dog loved to eat the food she gave him .
he got up and looked for his toy bear .
anna is happy to see her house .
after a fun day , tom and spot went back home .
kitty loved to watch lily play .
the little girl started to get an idea .
tim played with the toys and had a great time in the tree house .
the ball was as good as new .
once upon a time there was a little girl who loved to go for a walk .
the family was safe and thanked spot and blue for their help .
she was excited and wanted to find out what was there .
but then , tim thought of his friend , sue .
many animals lived near the tree , and they all loved it .
the kids were scared , but they wanted to play .
one day , they saw a big , bad bird .
he wanted to hurt lily more .
so , he ran fast and jumped on the ball .
he jumped high .
one day , the boat asked a little bird for help .
the bird showed the friends how to find their toys .
from that day on , the big boy and the little girl became good friends , and they all lived happily ever after .
she knew the tree was not safe .
he wanted to be friends with the dog .
it made the rock very sad .
mia and tom thanked the cat and went home , happy and safe .
one day , lily went for a walk with her dog , max .
one day , tim found something on the ground .
one day , a dog named spot was very sad .
they liked to play in the garden together .
they said sorry again and helped mom clean the room .
together they walked back home .
bob was a strong dog , and he loved to help mia .
one day , their mom gave them a new car .
when he was out , he ran to the park .
sue and her friends started to play .
mia was excited to see his house and play with him .
one day , a girl named amy went outside to play .
now , the big fish was a friend .
all the animals in the forest were happy to have lily as their friend .
he saw many kids playing together .
sue and spot could not find their way back .
and the cat and the car became best friends .
they also like to go outside and run and jump .
it wanted to be with them and make them happy too .
tom and sue were sad because they could not play outside .
he put the bird in his warm bed .
the cat looked sad and walked away .
every day bob would go out to play .
it was so happy to be out of the ground and in the sun .
one day , a blue bug named bob went to the park .
in the end , sue , tom , and the dog all played together and had a great time .
she looked happy too .
the bird wanted to eat the flowers .
a little girl named amy had an idea .
she liked to play and find new things .
she had no friends , and no one to play with .
now , it was shiny and clean .
she named her cat tom .
he said he wanted to play with his ball .
it made their room a fun place to play .
he was excited to play again when he was not tired .
she said she would never come out .
one day , he went to the pond .
then , they ran off to find more fun to have together .
she and sam go to their room .
they made a new friend , bear .
tom and lily hugged mom and thanked her again .
it could not play with the kids anymore .
one day , lily wanted to make a big house for her toys .
from that day on , max and lily played together every day in the big yard .
he laughed and smiled happily .
tom took the ball home .
when you help others , you can make them smile and feel happy too .
a boy named tim saw the rock and did not like it .
with his toy car , the boy played all day .
the birds flew around the dog and scared it away .
sunny loved to fly high in the sky and play with the wind .
but they were not scared anymore .
she laughed and picked it up .
one day , a little boy named tim was playing outside his house .
they loved to play outside in the garden .
he showed his friends and family .
they see trees and flowers and grass .
the family was so happy to see their cat again .
the bird came back to the girl .
tim and the toy had lots of fun together .
max liked to walk around and look at things .
he wanted to play too , but he was too big .
when he got there , he saw many other fish who were just like him .
once upon a time , there was an old man called bob .
he wanted to get away from the angry dog .
at the park , tom and his friends played and had fun .
they decided to share the ball and play .
tim was very excited and ran to play .
they both looked at the car and then looked at each other .
it was a happy place and everyone who went there was happy too .
tom and sam played with a ball outside .
they sat under the tree and ate .
the toys went into the water .
he thought it would make him strong and fast .
it learned many things .
they were all very happy playing together .
lily thought it looked yummy .
once upon a time , in a little town , there lived a happy girl named lily .
just then , a little girl came up to sam .
bob and sue went to the hole , and sue looked inside .
sam and mia were playing near the pond .
they decided to go back to playing with their ball .
they would run around , jump , and have lots of fun together .
he saw a big room with people inside .
the cat lived in a small house with a little boy .
sunny and his friends were happy that they had each other .
but in the end , everyone was happy .
tom loved to play with his toy ball .
one day , a little boy named tim saw a big slide at the park .
one day , he thought of a big , hard rock .
tim was a little boy who liked to play with max .
a little boy named tim wanted to play on the slide , but he was scared .
they knew they could have fun inside too .
the man was happy to see tim .
they looked up in the trees and down on the ground .
one day , tim saw a big tree in the yard .
it had many friends , but it did not play nice .
he liked to play with his ball and run in the grass .
he saw trees and animals outside .
he saw the room and was very happy .
she put the toy cat away and said sorry to tom .
spot saw a big tree and decided to look for friends there .
he knew it was from the little bird .
he liked to play and make a lot of noise .
tom loved to run and jump in the yard all day long .
it was a big beautiful cat .
one day , bob wanted to get a new friend .
tom and his dog saw sue and helped them out .
his dad was happy that tim was careful and safe .
lily felt happy that she could help her mom feel better .
once upon a time , there was a bird named max .
the ball was not fun .
he knew it would help the cat .
they had lots of fun , and tim knew that being a good boy made his new friend happy .
it was about having fun together .
she loved to play outside in her garden .
sam wanted to help tom feel better .
one day , a little girl named lucy went for a walk near her home .
but they felt happy and warm inside .
they took his dog away from him .
he ran into the room and started to play with the toys .
a little bird wanted to show off .
tim would slide down it all day .
they found a warm and sunny garden .
tim called his friend , sue , to come over and play with him .
spot wanted to have fun too .
the cat felt bad but did not know what to do .
the red ball had a friend named tom .
she saw tim playing with the big red ball .
sam wanted to show his friend , a dog named max .
he went to the park near his home .
once upon a time , there was a warm day in the forest .
max knew the cat would get hurt .
mia was very happy when she could help .
but soon , tom saw this was a bad idea .
tom took the box home and showed it to his friends .
she hugged sam and called for help .
spot was very happy when he played with his friends .
sue smiled and thought about what her mom told her .
mia was excited to eat it .
one day , spot went to the park .
he thought it was nice to help a friend .
the bird flew up and helped the small cat come down from the tree .
some things are big and some things are small .
tim could not play with it anymore .
the bunny wanted to find food to eat .
he wanted to see if he could get it back down .
they said he had to go to his room .
his friends were very happy and thanked him .
they took their toys and went back to their home .
she wanted to get one , but her mom said no .
he took the bird to his house .
tom and tim loved to play in the garden all day .
sam wanted to make his mom happy too .
sara and tom said they wanted to share it .
she never saw the little girl again .
but the bug was scared of tim .
they were happy and ate a lot .
they want to show mom and dad .
she lived in a small home with her family .
the water was clean again .
sam did not have a toy boat to play with .
they ate them and thanked mom .
in this town , there was a big rock .
once upon a time , there lived a happy little girl who loved to play outside .
tim was also a little scared .
her friends would look and look , but they could not find her .
lily loved playing outside with max .
but he could not find the big , red ball .
the bird was very nice and always looked after her friends .
lucy had a red ball that she loved to play with .
she was so proud of her find that she told everyone about it .
her room was beautiful and she loved to play in it .
the bird started to feel better , and lucy knew it was time to find its family .
tom and sue wanted to see inside .
a big truck came and took the big car away .
it saw many things like trees , flowers , and birds .
one day , he wanted to play with his friends .
tom had a big boat and many friends .
sue was having lots of fun with the ball .
he saw his friend , sam , with a toy car .
the dog laughed and felt happy .
inside the box , she saw a little bird .
the big bear was strong and kind .
he had a new friend , and the cat was not scared of him anymore .
all the toys had a great time and were very happy for tim and sue .
he also learned that friends are always there to help each other .
lily thought about the tree all day .
he gave the big fish some food .
she did not feel like playing .
lily felt happy and wanted to play .
no one knew what happened to ben .
from that day on , spot and fluffy played together every day .
but they are not hurt .